I was wondering
when you were gonna show up.
Eight hours, White Wolf.
Then we come for him.
Hi. John Walker. Captain America.
Well, let's put down the pointy sticks
and we can talk this through?
Hey, John, take it easy.
You might wanna fight Bucky
before you tangle with the Dora Milaje.
Dora Milaje have no jurisdiction here.
The Dora Milaje have jurisdiction
wherever the Dora Milaje
find themselves to be.
Ladies...
No need, Okoye. I can handle this alone.
Hmm.
T'- I will get Nakia out
as quickly as possible.
No games.
Just don't freeze when you see her.
What are you talking about?
I never freeze.
T'- Nakia...
I...
Hey!
- Thank you.
- Did he freeze?
Like an antelope in headlights.
Are you finished?
Dora Milaje!
Yield! Don't make me kill you.
A misidentified Wakandan artifact
was stolen yesterday
from a British museum.
Ulysses Klaue...
plans to sell the vibranium
to an American buyer...
in South Korea tomorrow night.
Bast willing, this will go quickly...
and I can get
this ridiculous thing off my head.
It looks nice.
Just whip it back and forth.
What? It's a disgrace.
Get out of here, boss!
- I'm exercising my blood right
to challenge for the mantles of king...
and Black Panther.
Do not do this, T'Challa.
T'- I accept your challenge.
Let the challenge begin.
Is there nothing that can be done?
No!
- You are
the greatest warrior Wakanda has.
Help me overthrow him
before he becomes too strong.
Overthrow?
Nakia!
I'm not a spy who can come
and go as they so choose!
I am loyal to that throne,
no matter who sits upon it.
- We're gonna send
vibranium weapons out to our War Dogs.
They'll arm oppressed people
all over the world...
so they can finally rise up
and kill those in power.
And their children.
And anyone else who takes their side.
The sun will never set
on the Wakandan empire.
T'- N'Jadaka!
I am not dead!
He lives.
You!
Your heart is so full of hatred...
you are not fit to be a king!
Wakanda forever.
- What I'm about to do
to your stubborn little planet...
I'm gonna enjoy it...
Something's entered the atmosphere.
T'- You are in Wakanda now.
Thanos will have nothing but dust...
and blood.
We have blood to spare.
This will be the end of Wakanda.
Then it will be
the noblest ending in history.
This is no place to die.
Everybody comes home.
Move or you will be moved.